GroupID,GroupName,Description
1,Electronics,"Products related to electronic devices."
2,Appliances,"Products related to household appliances."
3,Accessories,"Accessories for electronic devices and gadgets."
4,Fashion,"Clothing, footwear, and accessories."
5,Stationery,"Products related to office and school supplies."
6,Furniture,"Furniture items for indoor and outdoor use."
7,Outdoor,"Outdoor equipment and accessories."
8,Home Decor,"Decorative items for home interiors."
9,Toys & Games,"Toys and games for entertainment."
10,Sports & Fitness,"Sports equipment and fitness accessories."
11,Health & Beauty,"Health and beauty products."
12,Baby & Kids,"Products for babies and children."
13,Automotive,"Automotive accessories and tools."
14,Books & Media,"Books, magazines, and other media."
15,Food & Beverages,"Food items and beverages."
16,Home Improvement,"Tools and equipment for home improvement."
17,Pets,"Pet supplies and accessories."
18,Gifts & Crafts,"Gift items and handmade crafts."
19,Travel & Luggage,"Travel accessories and luggage."
20,Office Furniture,"Furniture specifically designed for office use."
21,Outdoor Furniture,"Furniture designed for outdoor use."
22,Smart Home,"Devices and gadgets for home automation."
23,Party Supplies,"Supplies for parties and events."
24,DIY & Crafts,"Materials and tools for do-it-yourself projects and crafts."
25,Electrical Supplies,"Supplies and equipment for electrical work."
26,Gardening,"Tools, equipment, and supplies for gardening."
27,Painting & Decorating,"Supplies for painting and decorating."
28,Camping & Hiking,"Equipment and gear for camping and hiking."
29,Home Security,"Security devices and systems for home protection."
30,Computer Accessories,"Accessories for computers and laptops."
31,Audio & Video,"Audio and video equipment and accessories."
32,Photography,"Cameras, lenses, and accessories for photography."
33,Mobile Accessories,"Accessories for mobile phones and tablets."
34,Office Supplies,"Supplies for office use, such as paper, pens, and organizers."
35,Party & Occasions,"Supplies and decorations for parties and special occasions."
36,Storage & Organization,"Products for organizing and storing items."
37,Tools & Hardware,"Tools and hardware for various purposes."
38,Lighting,"Lighting fixtures and accessories."
39,Bathroom Accessories,"Accessories and fixtures for the bathroom."
40,Kitchen & Dining,"Products for the kitchen and dining area."
41,Beauty & Personal Care,"Products for personal grooming, beauty, and skincare."
42,Baby & Kids Clothing,"Clothing and accessories for infants, toddlers, and children."
43,Home Decor & Accessories,"Decorative items and accessories for enhancing home interiors."
44,Outdoor Gear & Equipment,"Gear and equipment for outdoor activities and adventures."
45,Home Office Supplies,"Supplies and essentials for home office use and organization."
46,Health & Wellness Products,"Products and supplements for health, fitness, and well-being."
47,Electronics Gadgets & Accessories,"Gadgets and accessories for electronic devices and tech enthusiasts."
48,Sports & Fitness Apparel,"Apparel and clothing for sports, fitness, and active lifestyles."
49,Books & Educational Materials,"Books, educational resources, and learning materials for all ages."
50,Party Supplies & Decorations,"Supplies, decorations, and accessories for parties and celebrations."
51,Home Improvement Tools & Hardware,"Tools, hardware, and equipment for home improvement projects."
52,Kitchen & Dining Essentials,"Essentials for the kitchen and dining area, including cookware and utensils."
53,Travel Gear & Accessories,"Gear, accessories, and essentials for travel and exploration."
54,Home Automation Devices,"Devices and systems for home automation, smart living, and connectivity."
55,Arts & Crafts Supplies,"Supplies and materials for arts, crafts, and DIY projects."
56,Garden & Outdoor Furniture,"Furniture for gardens, patios, and outdoor living spaces."
57,Electronics & Appliances,"Electronic devices and household appliances for modern living."
58,Home Cleaning Supplies,"Cleaning supplies, tools, and equipment for maintaining a clean home."
59,Office & School Supplies,"Supplies for office, school, and educational use."
60,Electronics & Technology Accessories,"Accessories for electronic devices, gadgets, and tech products."
61,Outdoor Living Essentials,"Essential products for outdoor living and leisure."
62,Smart Home Devices & Accessories,"Devices and accessories for smart home automation and connectivity."
63,Travel & Luggage Accessories,"Accessories and essentials for travel, luggage, and packing."
64,Home Office Furniture & Accessories,"Furniture and accessories specifically designed for home office use."
65,Art & Craft Supplies,"Supplies for art, craft, and creative projects."
66,Garden & Outdoor Decor,"Decorative items for gardens, patios, and outdoor spaces."
67,Home Renovation & Repair Tools,"Tools and equipment for home renovation and repair projects."
68,Outdoor Cooking & BBQ Equipment,"Equipment and accessories for outdoor cooking and barbecuing."
69,Home Cleaning & Organization Supplies,"Cleaning supplies, organization products, and storage solutions for the home."
70,Electronics Accessories & Gadgets,"Accessories and gadgets for electronic devices and tech enthusiasts."
71,Garden & Outdoor Furniture,"Furniture for gardens, patios, and outdoor living spaces."
72,Home Automation & Smart Living Devices,"Devices and systems for home automation and smart living."
73,Arts & Crafts Supplies,"Supplies and materials for arts, crafts, and DIY projects."
74,Outdoor Recreation & Leisure Gear,"Gear and equipment for outdoor recreation, sports, and leisure activities."
75,Electronics & Appliances,"Electronic devices and household appliances for modern living."
76,Home Cleaning Supplies & Equipment,"Cleaning supplies, tools, and equipment for home cleaning and maintenance."
77,Office & School Supplies,"Supplies for office, school, and educational use."
78,Electronics & Technology Accessories,"Accessories for electronic devices, gadgets, and tech products."
79,Outdoor Living & Entertainment Essentials,"Essential products for outdoor living, entertainment, and relaxation."
80,Smart Home Devices & Accessories,"Devices and accessories for smart home automation and connectivity."
81,Travel & Luggage Accessories,"Accessories and essentials for travel, luggage, and packing."
82,Home Office Furniture & Accessories,"Furniture and accessories specifically designed for home office use."
83,Art & Craft Supplies,"Supplies for art, craft, and creative projects."
84,Garden & Outdoor Decor,"Decorative items for gardens, patios, and outdoor spaces."
85,Home Renovation & Repair Tools,"Tools and equipment for home renovation and repair projects."
86,Outdoor Cooking & BBQ Equipment,"Equipment and accessories for outdoor cooking and barbecuing."
87,Home Cleaning & Organization Supplies,"Cleaning supplies, organization products, and storage solutions for the home."
88,Electronics Accessories & Gadgets,"Accessories and gadgets for electronic devices and tech enthusiasts."
89,Garden & Outdoor Furniture,"Furniture for gardens, patios, and outdoor living spaces."
90,Home Automation & Smart Living Devices,"Devices and systems for home automation and smart living."
91,Arts & Crafts Supplies,"Supplies and materials for arts, crafts, and DIY projects."
92,Outdoor Recreation & Leisure Gear,"Gear and equipment for outdoor recreation, sports, and leisure activities."
93,Electronics & Appliances,"Electronic devices and household appliances for modern living."
94,Home Cleaning Supplies & Equipment,"Cleaning supplies, tools, and equipment for home cleaning and maintenance."
95,Office & School Supplies,"Supplies for office, school, and educational use."
96,Electronics & Technology Accessories,"Accessories for electronic devices, gadgets, and tech products."
97,Outdoor Living & Entertainment Essentials,"Essential products for outdoor living, entertainment, and relaxation."
98,Smart Home Devices & Accessories,"Devices and accessories for smart home automation and connectivity."
99,Travel & Luggage Accessories,"Accessories and essentials for travel, luggage, and packing."
100,Home Office Furniture & Accessories,"Furniture and accessories specifically designed for home office use."
